Update documents for 6.16.1 release (#140)
draios/onprem-install-docs: 6.X/6.16.1/docs/01-command_line_arguments.md

<!-- Space: IONP -->
<!-- Parent: Installer -->
<!-- Parent: Git Synced Docs -->
<!-- Title: Command Line Arguments -->
<!-- Layout: plain -->

# Command Line Arguments

<br/>

## Command: `deploy`

`--skip-namespace`

- installer does not deploy the `namespace.yaml` manifest.
  It expects the Namespace to exist and to match the value in `values.yaml`
  If there is a mismatch, the installer will fail as no validation is in place.

`--skip-pull-secret`

- The services require the pull secret to exist with the expected name (`sysdigcloud-pull-secret`) and to have access to the registry.

> - if the pull secret is missing, the behaviour could be unpredictable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the pull secret is missing, the behaviour could be unpredictable:
```

>   some Pods could start if they can find the image locally and if their `imagePullPolicy`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Some Pods could start if they can find the image locally and if their `imagePullPolicy` is not `Always`. 
```

  is not `Always`

> - Other Pods will fail because they can't pull the image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Other Pods will fail because they cannot pull the image.
```

`--skip-serviceaccount`

> - The user must provide service accounts with the exact same name expected:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You must provide service accounts with the exact same name expected:
```

```text
sysdig-serviceaccount.yaml:  name: sysdig
sysdig-serviceaccount.yaml:  name: node-labels-to-files
sysdig-serviceaccount.yaml:  name: sysdig-with-root
sysdig-serviceaccount.yaml:  name: sysdig-elasticsearch
sysdig-serviceaccount.yaml:  name: sysdig-cassandra
```

- One implication of this is that unless the `node-to-labels` ServiceAccount is added,
  rack awareness will not be available for any datastore.
  Another implication is that if the  ServiceAccount(s) are missing, the user will have to `describe`

>   the StatefulSet because Pods will not start at all:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```text
Events:
  Type     Reason            Age                   From                    Message
  ----     ------            ----                  ----                    -------
  Normal   SuccessfulCreate  2m29s                 statefulset-controller  create Claim data-sysdigcloud-cassandra-0 Pod sysdigcloud-cassandra-0 in StatefulSet sysdigcloud-cassandra success
  Warning  FailedCreate      67s (x15 over 2m29s)  statefulset-controller  create Pod sysdigcloud-cassandra-0 in StatefulSet sysdigcloud-cassandra failed error: pods "sysdigcloud-cassandra-0" is forbidden: error looking up service account benedetto/sysdig-cassandra: serviceaccount "sysdig-cassandra" not found
```

`--skip-storageclass`

- installer does not apply the StorageClass manifest.
  It expects the storageClassName specified in values.yaml to exist.

`--disable-proxy`

> - This flag allows disabling an existing configuration for proxy. Several services can be configured to use a proxy to go out to the Internet. For example `scanningv2-pkgmeta`, `certmanager`, `eventsForwarder` etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This flag lets you disable an existing configuration for proxy. Several services can be configured to use a proxy to go out to the Internet. For example, `scanningv2-pkgmeta`, `certmanager`, and `eventsForwarder`.
```

> - If it becomes necessary to remove such configuration, this flag can be used to remove the proxy configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can use this flag to remove such a proxy configuration, if necessary.
```

- This flag also applies to `generate`, `diff` and `import`.

## Command: `import`

`--zookeeper-workloadname <string value>`

- This is the value that will be used for the `zookeeper` StatefulSet.
The default value is `zookeeper`, this argument must be used when the
actual name of the StatefulSet in the cluster differs

`--kafka-workloadname <value>`

- Same as above for `kafka`

`--cassandra-workloadname <value>`

- Same as above for `cassandra`

`--use-import-v2`

- This flag will use the new import logic, which will import the values from the cluster and then generate the manifests based on the imported values. Defaults to `false`, which means the old import logic will be used, unless the `--use-import-v2` flag is provided. Import V2 is supported starting from version 6.6.0, and is expected to become the default in the future.

## Command: `update-license`

> ** WARNING: THIS FEATURE requires `kubectl` to be at least version `1.20.0` **

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prerequisite: This feature requires `kubectl` version `1.20.0` or greater.
```

This command performs the minimal changes and restarts to apply a new license.
Based on [this page](https://docs.sysdig.com/en/docs/administration/on-premises-deployments/upgrade-an-on-premises-license/)

This command performs the following:

- Gets a new license from either `--license` or from `--license-file name.ext`

> - applies the license to `common-config` and to the relevant Secret of the following backend services:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Applies the license to `common-config` and to the relevant Secret of the following backend services:
```
